(DOCSP-22280): Edited Authentication Triggers Page for Readability (#70)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/triggers/authentication-triggers.txt

Overview
--------

> An authentication trigger fires whenever a user interacts with an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An authentication trigger fires when a user interacts with an 
```

:doc:`authentication provider </authentication/providers>`. When fired, the 
trigger will allow you to execute server-side logic.

> You can use these triggers to implement advanced user management. Some uses include: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use authentication triggers to implement advanced user management. Some uses include: 
```

> You can use these triggers to implement advanced user management. Some uses include: 
> storing new user datain your linked cluster, maintaining data integrity upon user
> deletion, or calling a service with a user's information when they log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use these triggers to implement advanced user management. Some uses include: 
- Storing new user data in your linked cluster
- Maintaining data integrity upon user deletion
- Calling a service with a user's information when they log in.
```

Example
-------

An online store wants to store custom metadata for each of its customers
in `{+atlas+} <https://www.mongodb.com/realm?
tck=docs_realm#atlas-form-container>`_.

> Each customer should then have a document in the ``store.customers`` collection. 
> In this document, metadata about them can be recorded and queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each customer needs a document in the store.customers collection. Then, the store can record and query metadata in the customer's document.
```

The collection must represent each customer. To guarantee this, the store 
creates an authentication Trigger. This Trigger listens for newly created users
in the :doc:`email/password </authentication/email-password>` authentication

> provider. It then waits to observe a ``CREATE`` event. When observed, it passes the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provider. Then, it passes the
```

:ref:`authentication event object <authentication-events>` to its linked

> function, ``createNewUserDocument``. The {+service-short+} Function creates a new document which describes the user and their activity. The function will then insert the document into the store.customers collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function, ``createNewUserDocument``. The function creates a new document which describes the user and their activity. The function then inserts the document into the store.customers collection.
```

   * - :guilabel:`Linked Function`

     - The name of the {+service-short+} Function that the trigger

>        executes whenever it fires. An :ref:`authentication

Reviewer: Change line 95 "Trigger Type" to:

> For authentication triggers, set this value to ``AUTHENTICATION``.

Reviewer: Change line 104 "Linked Function":

Remove {+service-short+} and lowercase Function. Change "whenever" to "when".

Reviewer: Change line 118 "Providers":

Remove "will":
> The trigger only listens for...
